# Solidity - Claims with Content and Item Specifications (WIP)
The primary three claim areas that the initial Blockchain atom will assess are focused on the Solidity programming language, which is used for all EVM – Ethereum Virtual Machine compatible blockchains. 

## Claims
- **Claim 1:** Candidate can understand the core syntax and the distinguishing features of Solidity; can complete everyday coding tasks that relate to the language's core features; can understand, employ and test common smart contract development best practices; can use development tools such as Remix Solidity IDE, the Truffle and Hardhat framework; knows the layout of the Solidity source file, the structure of a contract, data types, variables, and functions; can demonstrate an understanding of most commonly used Solidity behavioral, gas, economic, and life cycle pattern; can understand and choose between various ERC standards, among which the most widely used are the ERC20, ERC721, and ERC115 - the multi-token contract representing both fungible and non-fungible tokens in a single smart contract.
- **Claim 2:** Candidate can design and deploy smart contracts which adhere to the latest security best practices; can develop pausable smart contracts, adopt new security techniques that appear useful, is aware of upgrades to the latest version of any tool or library that is actively used, and demonstrates a systematic approach to effective upgrade paths for bug fixes and improvements; can understand how to use tools that can detect vulnerabilities or help maintain a high code quality to reduce the likelihood and impact of vulnerabilities–visualization tools and tools for static and dynamic analysis and profound knowledge of the SWC Registry, which is a list of smart contract weakness classification and test cases; can demonstrate awareness and deep understanding of the most common and most recent known attacks on smart contracts, such as, but not limited to, reentrancy, oracle manipulation, front running, timestamp dependence, insecure arithmetic, denial of service, griefing, and force-feeding.
- **Claim 3:** Candidate can understand and use common components of standard libraries (OpenZeppelin being the most famous and widely used library featuring Ownable.sol for access control, Roles.sol, SafeMath.sol for arithmetic operations, SafeCast.sol and Address.sol as well as other libraries such as the MultiSigWallet.sol by Gnosis, TimeLock.sol by Compound, Voting.sol by TechHQ or fixed-point arithmetic BNum.sol by Balancer) and protocols (Defi: Aave, yEarn, Synthetix, Compound, Uniswap, Kyber Network, Sushiswap, Maker, Balancer, 0x Protocol; Dao: Aragon and Supply Chain: VeChain) associated with the language's significant usages; can adequately evaluate the choice of using appropriate components of libraries and protocols in everyday coding tasks; has a working knowledge of EVM-compatible blockchains such as the Avalanche Contract Chain (C-Chain), Binance Smart Chain (BSC), Fantom Opera, Polygon as well as of Ethereum layer 2 solutions Polygon, Arbitrum, Optimism, and X-Dai.


## Definition of Scores
Candidates of the following scores demonstrate the associated understanding and abilities:

- **Level 1:** Candidate is unfamiliar with core syntax and basic security practices and only demonstrates a basic understanding of Solidity concepts. Is unaware of and unable to use most essential Remix IDE, Truffle, and Hardhat features. The candidate does not understand basic Solidity code without extensive comments.
- **Level 2:** Is familiar with some basic concepts and tools used in Solidity. Has a limited grasp of basic security and smart contract development practices but lacks sufficient knowledge to effectively write average difficulty level code alone.
- **Level 3:** Candidate can write and deploy average difficulty smart contracts alone and has advanced knowledge in a limited number of security best practices. The candidate can use Remix IDE, Truffle, and Hardhat and displays a shallow understanding of the most common features. The candidate has average knowledge of the layout of the Solidity source file, the structure of a contract, data types, variables, and functions. Understands differences between most common ERC standards but has practical experience only in one of them. They know most OpenZeppelin libraries and understand some of them but have personally used only a limited number in their own contracts. The candidate has basic knowledge of the most widely used protocols and other EVM-compatible blockchains besides Ethereum.
- **Level 4:** Candidate has a solid working knowledge of all features of Solidity and development tools Remix IDE, Truffle, and Hardhat. They know all the advanced smart contract coding details and can clearly articulate all crucial aspects. Can write secure, extensive, multi-file smart contracts and deploy these on the main net. Has extensive experience adequately integrating sophisticated components of all common libraries and protocols in own smart contracts. Has deep experience with and can articulate tradeoffs between all EVM-compatible blockchains.
- **Level 5:** Candidate has an expert level of understanding of all relevant theoretical and practical aspects of smart contracts. Is capable of designing, writing, implementing, securing, testing, and deploying innovative smart contracts, libraries, and protocols that haven't existed in the given form before. One example would be developing an entirely new Smart Order Router for decentralized exchanges or deploying a new approach to automated liquidity concentrations like Lixir Finance. They have sufficient practical experience and deep knowledge to be able to perform security audits on smart contracts using not only well-known systems and approaches but also developing tests and solutions to mitigate most recent vulnerabilities and exploits–an approach that opens up the opportunity to write smart contract audits on the same wavelength or above those from OpenZeppelin and Consensys. They can design, code, secure, test, and deploy a new innovative Proof-of-Work or Proof-of-Stake blockchain.

## Development Goal:
- Claim 1: 10 questions
- Claim 2: 10 questions
- Claim 3: 10 questions

## Cognitive Model:
- Recall: can recall/recognize knowledge (e.g., definitions); can recall a memorized procedure to perform a task
- Comprehend: can comprehend/understand knowledge (e.g., how? why?); comprehend procedures to perform a task
- Use: can use or apply knowledge in complex task; perform a task

## Content Targets:
- 
