# Blockchain Architecture - DAO Smart Contracts

## Item ID
2796

## Claim
3

## Claim Behavior (evidence)
Consensys

https://consensys.net/blog/blockchain-explained/what-is-a-dao-and-how-do-they-work/

Moralis

https://moralis.io/dao-smart-contract-example-dao-guide/

## Content Target
Blockchain Fundamentals

## Cognitive Model
Comprehend

## Item Type
Multiple Choice

## Stem
Blockchain-based Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (DAOs) represent a new governance model representing various parties that share control over an organization whose bylaws have been defined by source code in Smart Contracts.
<br><br>
Which option is TRUE for DAO Smart Contracts?

## Code Snippet (optional)

## Answer Key (Correct Answer)
A DAO smart contract defines the framework of operations for the DAO so any potential member can understand how the DAO will function before purchasing DAO tokens.

## Distractors
### 1.
A single instance of a DAO Smart Contract executes on the system where it was originally mined and added to the blockchain. The output generated by the Smart Contract is then decentralized by distributing it across the entire blockchain.

### 2.
A DAO Smart Contract is executed in a synchronized fashion line by line across the entire blockchain such that all the contracts start and end execution at the same time.

### 3.
A DAO Smart Contract is “banked” because the tokens created by a DAO at the time of launch are funded by fiat currency held in an off-chain bank account.

## Common errors, misconceptions, or irrelevant information:
Common misconceptions: That having a DAO means it’s not possible for only a few people to control the activities of the organization.
