# General Coding Logic - Summary of Claims

This quiz contains a series of problems focused on reading code written by someone else. We may ask you to fill in the missing line in a function, explain what a block of code does, or explain why a block of code fails to do what it's supposed to do. You'll be able to view each question in one of a few common languages, like Java or Python.

A candidate who *passes* the General Coding Logic assessment and receives the General Coding Logic badge 
has demonstrated evidence for all three (3) claims.

## Claims
- **Claim 1 (programming_logic):** The candidate can reason and follow algorithms step by step to know the output of the presented code with the directives {if, while, for, switch, goto}, and concepts like functions and recursion.
- **Claim 2 (problem_solving):** The candidate knows how to identify which problems and variations the code tries to solve and how a well-coded solution should be.
- **Claim 3 (bug_fixing):** The candidate knows how to identify what is wrong with a code snippet or why the input can cause an undefined behavior by correcting general faults that they've encountered previously.

## Score-Level definitions
Candidates with the following scores demonstrate the associated understanding and abilities:

- **Level 1:** Candidate understands the basics of a code flow using basic structures like if-else, for, while. The candidate might have difficulties with recursions and how they would work
- **Level 2:** Candidate knows how recursion works and is used to implement it. The candidate knows how to solve problems using arrays and hash maps and the bugs generated by the misuse of these structures. The candidate is used to how languages handle I/O operations in general and has little experience with how the languages usually handle memory.
- **Level 3:** Candidate is used to overflow errors and knows how languages handle memory. The candidate is used to modern practices like implementing lambda expressions and using regex.
- **Level 4:** Candidate knows how to apply all concepts mentioned in all the Claims to solve more complex problems, how to create data structures to help solve particular problems more efficiently, and knows the fastest way overall to develop a portion of a code snippet to achieve better performance. The candidate probably knows multi-threading and its essential concepts.
- **Level 5:** Candidates on this level are differentiated from Level 4 due to the amount of esoteric knowledge and correct answers compared to each other. Both of them dominate all that the three claims seek in a good candidate, but one is more consistent than the other.

## Cognitive Models
- *Recall:* can recall/recognize knowledge (e.g., definitions); can recall a memorized procedure to perform a task
- *Comprehend:* can comprehend/understand knowledge (e.g., how? why?); comprehend procedures to perform a task
- *Use:* can use or apply knowledge in a complex task; perform a task
