# Age of Person

## Item ID
2339

## Claim
Claim 1: db_design

## Claim Behavior (evidence)

## Content Target
Tables

## Cognitive Model
Use

## Item Type
Multiple Choice

## Stem
You need to add a person’s age to all reports that return person information. Which of these suggested solutions is best? 

## Code Snippet (optional)
N/A

## Answer Key
Add an Age calculated expression to all queries that return person information or evaluate it on the client-side.

## Distractors
### 1.
Alter the Persons table and add an Age column of integer type and a NOT NULL constraint. Update all Persons rows with the Age value. Modify all queries that return person information to include the Age column.

### 2.
Alter the persons table and add an Age computed column that evaluates a person’s age. Modify all queries that return person information to include the Age column.

### 3.
Add a new table Person_Ages with Email as a primary key that references persons and an Age column. Execute an INSERT statement for all existing persons. Add triggers to the Persons table to automatically update the Person_Ages table when a Person is added, deleted, or if their date of birth is updated.

## Common errors, misconceptions, or irrelevant information:
- Regarding the Answer Key, age is a derived value so storing it in the database is redundant.
- Regarding Distractor #1, this will fail due to the NOT NULL constraint and will not update age as time passes or new persons are added.
- Regarding Distractor #2, while this solution may work, it can break dependencies of other queries that rely on column order such as select * and still requires modifying all queries that return the person’s information.
- Regarding Distractor #3, this is a convoluted solution that fails to update age as time passes.

# Triplebyte Review


## Language Review: (TB only)


## Bias and Fairness Review: (TB only)


## Content Review: (TB only)

