# Avoid Repeat Query

## Item ID
2321

## Claim
Claim 1: db_design

## Claim Behavior (evidence)

## Content Target
Views

## Cognitive Model
Use

## Item Type
Multiple Choice

## Stem
The analytics team needs to evaluate the number of vaccinations in each city many times each day. They would like to avoid having to write the same query repeatedly, so they ask you to provide an easier way to retrieve this information. What would be your best solution?

## Code Snippet (optional)
N/A

## Answer Key
Create a view that inner joins Vaccinations and Vaccination_Sites, groups by City and State, and uses a COUNT(*) to count the number of vaccinations.

## Distractors
### 1.
Create a user-defined scalar function that inner joins Vaccinations and Vaccination_Sites, groups by City and State, and uses a COUNT(*) to count the number of vaccinations.

### 2.
Create a view that outer joins Vaccinations and Vaccination_Sites, groups by City and State, and uses a COUNT(Vaccine) to count the number of vaccinations.

### 3.
Create a new table and populate it with the required data. Create a trigger to update this new table every night.

## Common errors, misconceptions, or irrelevant information:
- Regarding Distractor #1, a scalar function can return only a scalar value.
- Regarding Distractor #3, this won’t reflect changes made during the day, and triggers can’t be scheduled.

# Triplebyte Review


## Language Review: (TB only)


## Bias and Fairness Review: (TB only)


## Content Review: (TB only)

